# YOUR PROJECT TITLE
#### Video Demo:  <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m-lAerSFdAg>
#### Description:
    My final project is a workout planner. With this web-application, people can organize their weekly workout schedule by selecting the day of the week, the muscle, the exercise’s name, and even how many sets they would like to do. After organizing their workouts, the user can see all the week’s exercises by once, or they can filter them by each day of the week, making it more organized. After finishing the week, or if the user had typed in a wrong information, they may delete it and type in the correct data.
    In the file named “app.py”, there is most of the back-end code of my project, including the actions: “/login”, “/register”, “/logout”, “planners”, “/add_planners”, “/delete”, and “/” (which renders the homepage’s template). It also links the whole code with the SQLite3 database, called “project.db”. I found it useful to import the CS50’s library and some others that we have previously used all over the course. 
    In the file named “helpers.py”, I have defined the functions “login_required” (in order to make some of the routes available only when the user have already logged in) and “apology” (in order to render an apology message in the case the user have forgotten to type in some information into the form).
    Moreover, in “project.db”, I have created two tables: “users” and “exercises”. In “users” there are the columns: “id” (which is the table’s primary key), “name” (which saves the user’s username) and “hash” (which stores the user’s hashed password). In addition, the table “exercises” has the columns: “id” (which is the table’s primary key), “user_id” (which links the data with its own user), “muscle”, “exercise”, “sets” and “reps” – that refers specifically to information related to the exercise chosen by the user.
    In “details.txt”, I have outlined some important aspects that I should have considered before and during the creation of my final project, such as my web-app’s functionalities, its features, details on how it will be executed, as well as some extra information that I needed to research in order to make the project the way it is. 
    Moving on to the HMTL files of my project (which are in the “templates” folder), I should start with “layout.html”: the base for the other pages. Just like when I did the Finance Problem Set, I have made sure the page is mobile-friendly and linked it with some CSS files, as well as with the Bootstrap documentation, in order to give it a more user-friendly style. In the navbar, when the user is not logged in yet, there are two options for them to select: “Log In” and “Register”. However, if the user is already logged in, they could choose between the options: “Home”, “Planners”, “Add Planner” and “Log out”. After that, in the main tag, I have used some Jinja syntax, in order to fill this space with the other HTML pages. 
    The “home.html” is the first page that is going to be shown to the user once they enter the web-application. It is filled with some text, which shows the project’s title and its functionalities. I have attributed some classes to each of the tags, in order to make it easier to stylize them with CSS.
    In “register.html”, there is an HTML form asking the user to input their name and password, as well as the confirmation of that password. Needless to say that, in “app.py”, I have prepared some error messages in the case the user forgets to input something or if the passwords do not mach. After registering, the user’s information will be stored in the SQL database and will have their own “id”. 
    In “login.html”, the user will be prompted to input its username and password, in order to enable the functionalities below.
    With “planners.html”, the user will be able to see a table with the exercises they have already typed in, ordered by the days of the week. Above it, the user can also filter the table’s data by choosing one specific day of the week. Down below, there is one “delete” button, which will redirect the user to the “delete.html” page.
    In “add_planner.html”, the user can add exercises, one at a time, into their workout planner. The page asks the user to input the day of the week, the muscle, the name of the exercise and the sets and repetitions that will be made. After submitting the form, the data will be added to the SQL database, right into the “exercises” table, and the user will be redirected to the “planners.html” page. 
    The user can get to the “delete.html” page through the “delete” button at the end of the “planners.html” page. There, they can select only one exercise at a time to delete it. With that, the selected data will also be removed from the SQL database. After that, the user will be redirected to the “planners.html” page.
    The last HTML page is “apology.html”, which returns an image with an error message when the user does not provide some data.
    Besides that, in the “static” folder, there are three CSS files, each one of them referring to “layout.html”, “home.html” and “planners.html”.
    Finally, it might be important to outline the “flask_session” folder, in which there are some of the imported documentations.

